misc: CHANGELOG: add a CHANGELOG.md file to list plugin breaking changes (#90)
ovh/utask: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

A detailed changelog is available in our [GitHub release page](https://github.com/ovh/utask/releases "GitHub release page").

> We will list in this document breaking changes between versions, that requires modifications of the task templates you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will list in this document any breaking changes between versions, that require modifications of the task templates you maintain.
```

## Breaking changes

### v1.3.0 (2020-03-17)
##### HTTP plugin

> - `timeout_seconds` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `timeout`, using the Golang time.Duration format, to express timeout duration inferior to 1 second. The field type is now `string` instead of `int`. #86

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout_seconds` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `timeout`, using the Golang time.Duration format (5s, 1m, ...), for consistency with other plugins and to express timeout durations inferior than 1 second. #86
```

> - `parameters` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `query_parameters`: the naming is now clearer, and the object format is similar to the `headers` configuration field. #86

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `parameters` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `query_parameters`: the name is now clearer, and the object format is similar to the `headers` configuration field. #86
```

> - `deny_redirects` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `follow_redirect` : the new default behavior will be never follow redirection, unless specified by this configuration field. #86

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deny_redirects` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `follow_redirect` : the new default behavior will be to never follow redirections, unless specified by this configuration field. #86
```

##### SSH plugin

> - `allow_exit_non_zero` configuration field __deleted__. This field has no strict replacement, as it's behavior was not in the uTask philosophy. The field `exit_codes_unrecoverable` has been introduced to catch some exit codes as `CLIENT_ERROR` if the error is not recoverable (the conditions will be run, a custom status could be applied for example). #85

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `allow_exit_non_zero` configuration field __deleted__. This field has no strict replacement, as its behavior was not in the uTask philosophy. The field `exit_codes_unrecoverable` has been introduced to catch some exit codes as `CLIENT_ERROR` if the error is not recoverable (to either halt the execution or change to a custom status via check conditions). #85
```

> - `exit_status` metadata field __renamed__ `exit_code`. This field is now consistent between the ssh and script plugins. #85

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exit_status` metadata field __renamed__ `exit_code`. This field's name is now consistent between the ssh and script plugins. #85
```

##### script plugin

> - `allow_exit_non_zero` configuration field __deleted__. This field has no strict replacement, as it's behavior was not in the uTask philosophy. The field `exit_codes_unrecoverable` has been introduced to catch some exit codes as `CLIENT_ERROR` if the error is not recoverable (the conditions will be run, a custom status could be applied for example). #87

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `allow_exit_non_zero` configuration field __deleted__. This field has no strict replacement, as its behavior was not in the uTask philosophy. The field `exit_codes_unrecoverable` has been introduced to catch some exit codes as `CLIENT_ERROR` if the error is not recoverable (to either halt the execution or change to a custom status via check conditions). #87
```

> - `last_line_not_json` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `output_mode` which can be configured to the value `disabled` to reproduce the same behavior. #87

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `last_line_not_json` configuration field __deleted__. It has been replaced by the field `output_mode` which supports more options, and can be configured to the value `disabled` to reproduce the same behavior. #87
```
